This is the largest indoor water park in
California. Imagine how cool it would be
to have a water park all to yourself all
night. So, today my daughter Salish and
her best friend Nadal get to stay here
all night. They're about to dive into a
series of wild splash fil water park
challenges like never before. And the
winner gets a five-star cabana with
everything you can imagine inside. And
the loser, well, has to spend the night
right here under the waterfall. First
challenge, Mountain Ridge Raceway.
Whoever gets down first and holds the
most red ball pit balls in their arms
wins. Are you ready? Yeah.
I'm obviously going to win because like
look at Needle. Do you think he's
coordinated? No. I think I got this
pretty easily cuz I'm heavier. He's like
a feather. She's going to go down so
slow. Oh, that's sweet. Thank you. Are
you ready? Yeah. Here we go. 3 2 1
Jess went way ahead of me. I'm not going
to win. Here they come.
Oh my gosh. She's hiding down. The doll
is way ahead. No. No. Hurry, Sish.
Hurry. Whoever gets more red balls in
their arms in 30 seconds wins. The
doll's trying to chin me.
Uh-oh. That's I don't know. I guess all
is fair today. You guys have 10 seconds.
9 8 7 6 Pick up some more. Say, "Hurry
up, Nadal. You don't have much time
left." 3 2 1. Stop. Stop. Stop. Ready.
Hold on. Wait. Wait. Whose was that?
Mine. Oh, well that doesn't count
anymore. Nadal, dump yours in there.
Sish, dump it in there. No. Nadal, you
dropped it.
Oh, I won. Let's count. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 1 2 3 4 5 6 9 10. She got way more. My
logo. Round one goes to sandwich water.
I lost round number one, but I'm not
sleeping under that mattress in the
water. Yeah, you are. You're a loser.
Well, she's not very supportive.
What kind of kid did I raise? Fight
back. Get him.
Nadal is down one- nothing. Moving on to
the next challenge. I thought I wasn't
going to get wet till the fourth round.
You know you're on the water, right? I
do know. Oh, Sandy.
What's the What's the What's this? Thank
you. Yeah, she wiped her nose on my
shirt, too. Oh my gosh. To make this
challenge harder, at some point in the
evening, I am going to blow this whistle
and a security guard is going to come
running in to catch them. They will have
1 minute to hide and if they get caught,
they are automatically kicked out of the
water park. But you never know when it's
going to happen. Next challenge. Slow
rider, you go first. Okay. This is
Mariana, and she is going to be
instructing Salish and the doll what
they're trying to do. Whatever she tells
them to do, they have to do or they lose
the challenge. Whoever can stay on the
board the longest wins the challenge. As
soon as you go over the lip, it starts.
And when you come back over the lip,
it's over. You got it.
There he is. Oh,
he's just chilling. Okay. Oh, stop right
here. It's right here. She makes it
harder.
It's cool. He's 30 seconds in. You got
it.
All right.
And he's done it. He made
it. I don't know how you're going to do
that. You got this. Ow. Ow. Ow.
Oh.
Oh. He still did it. There's over a
minute now. Oh god.
Are you waiting? He's for a minute. Oh.
Oh. No way. What?
What? What?
You're cook. This is almost 2 minutes
and he's doing
tricks. You have to do whatever she says
to do. Oh, he's going. He's done. He's
done. He's done. He's Oh, he's done.
He's done. Yeah. Good job, Neo. Great
job. Look at that.
204.77. Go, dude. That's crazy. That was
good, little girl. You got this. Let's
go. All right, here we go. 2 seconds.
She's made it 5 seconds. Okay, S, get
back down
there. Give her a little
time. Okay, that's my girl. This might
not be too easy for you to know.
Oh. Oh. Oh. One arm. Can you do that?
As good as yours. Really quick. Really
quick. 30 seconds. Hold on.
Oh no. Oh no.
No. 44. At least for the obvious, Nadal
Wonder won that round. Tish, I hope if
we ever do a video like this next time.
Well, it's okay because we still have a
lot more challenges that I'm going to
win on. I don't think you want to. Yeah,
I'm going to win on all of the future
challenges. They say that because they
don't know what is about to happen. Just
reminding you that this guy can show up
at any moment. Next challenge, howling
tornado. These cups are both filled with
water. The winner has to keep the water
in their cup until they reach the end of
the ride. Whoever spills more of it
loses. Are you ready? There we go.
You're going to get pushed down once I
do this.
And they're one step closer to sleeping
under a
waterfall. But that cabana is sick. I've
been wanting to win really hard. Here we
go.
My guess is going to lose this round.
Oh, I saw the spill from it off. Oh my
god.
Oh, the water's already fully spilled
out by
now. I don't I don't know. I saw some
spill. What was that? Hey, wait.
Neither of them won. And we are going to
have to redo that challenge because as I
discovered later, they both cheated. I I
saw that. I saw that.
I have a very weird feeling they both
filled their cups up on the way down.
In case it wasn't obvious, you're not
allowed to fill your cup up. Oh, so I
put colored water. So now we know if you
fill it up.
No, that's it. Actually, I forgot to
mention that they are not allowed to
cover the top of the cup with their
hands, but I think they'll be fine. Here
you go. Don't spill. Here we go. Are you
ready? Yeah. When I whistle, you go now.
Are you going to admit that you stole it
or cheated on? What? The cup? No, we
didn't. You filled up your cup. No one
said we couldn't do that. At some point
in the night, I'm going to blow this
whistle and a security guard is going to
come and seek them. And if they get
busted, they automatically have to leave
the water park right away. So, we'll
wait and see what happens. This is for
them to start the tiebreaker. Here we
go.
All right. Hold on. Hold on.
Now I think both cups are going to be
like completely empty. 3 2 1
Oh
no, the doll. Yours is complete.
Oh my god.
Oh no. And of course they cheated again.
What? They
don't stop. Stop. Freeze.
I would like a rematch because all the
times I've gone backwards. I can't hold
it and go backwards. When you're going
forwards, you can just hold the cup.
You're not allowed to put your hand on
the cup. But he did. Did he really? Yes.
We got to do it again. Are you kidding
me? How many ways can you guys cheat?
Hey guys, can we stop cheating so we can
stop riding it? He's cheating just as
much as me. You can't refill it. You
can't put your hand over the top and you
can't knock the water out of each
other's hands. You just got to hold the
thing and see who can hold it better.
That's all this is about. We should be
done with this. I'm going to go whistle
for the third time.
Here we go. Third time's a charm.
I don't want to be backwards. No, no,
no, no, no, no, no. Why are you coming
here? No, no, no,
no. Oh my god. I think they're both
going to go.
Wait a second. What do you have? Let's
see it.
No,
wait. Wait. Let me see. Oh. Oh. Okay.
Nadal has more, but it's obviously empty
because there's no blue dye in it. So,
Salish with her very little wins the
round.
Yeah. Sish. I'm feeling like a loser
right now cuz I just lost the round.
That's kind of sad. I mean, you're going
to have to sleep on mattresses, I guess.
Wait. But it's not over yet. Okay. It's
not. Sure. It's just getting started.
Okay. Salish and Nadal have a beautiful
friendship that has lasted for years.
And the one thing that's always brought
them together is ice cream. Yep, that's
right. These kids just love ice cream.
So, the next challenge is build me an
ice cream sundae. You have 5 minutes.
Each of you have to make an ice cream
sundae. I will taste them and decide
which one is better. And that person
wins that round. 1 2 3 go.
I did it. Oh my gosh. You did not need
the back one. For those of you who don't
know, this is Gigi Nadal's sister. Wow.
Was she introducing me as that? Sandy
shower when we first
met. That is so cute.
While Sailor and Nadal are making ice
cream, EG is going to hide somewhere in
this water park. Whoever finds her first
wins that round. Guys, this is so cool.
I literally have a water park all myself
to hide in. What if I hid inside the
tubes? Getting caught in this would be
an actual nightmare. A few moments
later. I'm kind of stuck. I'm not going
to lie. All right. Well, have fun. I'm
going down. Wait, wait, wait. I'm going
to need help. We're going to go one
scoop of chocolate and we're going to
use strawberry. Sailor should be able to
win this round. I like mint chip with
chocolate fudge. That's my thing. This
is my Sunday, guys. Let's try.
He likes mint chip, but I didn't see the
mint chip.
Did you lick it? I'm going to tell him
that you licked it. Cuz I definitely
didn't lick it. There's a skin. What?
You know what? Forget Jordan. I just
made this for myself. So, I'm just going
to make a whole separate one. I'm going
to keep this to myself. Loki has a good
idea for me to make my dad one. I only
have a couple minutes to find a hiding
spot because their next challenge is
going to be finding me. What about a
trash can? Uh- uh. It smells too bad in
there. Looks like Gigi found the cabana.
But hey, get out of there. Go to a
different spot. I'm going to check out
the last hiding spot that I think might
be the one. Oh, this. Wait, is it about
a flip? I think this is the last place
they will ever look for me. And they're
going to come soon. So, I'm going to get
down. Let's go back and check in on
Salish and Nadal with my ice cream. I'm
done. Oh yeah, I think he loves gummy
bears. You know, you know my dad really
loves gummy bears. I do too, but I'm not
going to put them. I think I just made a
masterpiece. Look at that. Thank you.
I'm I'm done. Me, too. Don't forget, the
next time I blow this whistle, a
security guard comes in and they've got
to hide from it. Come on. No, you're in
there. Or they get one step closer to
sleeping under a waterfall. You should
win this, Alish. We have ice cream
together like twice a week. No, you
don't. I'm going to judge which one I
like better, and that person wins this
round. From the looks of it, I'm not
sure I want either of these cones. Gummy
bear. Not my favorite. What did you guys
do? Eat for 4 and a half minutes and
then spend 30 seconds making these ice
creams.
Oh, sorbet. I'm going to give this. Is
that you, Sish? Sish wins this round.
Why would you put gummies? You know, I
hate those. It was just like a last
second thing. I think he loves gummy
bears. Can you zoom in on that face?
That's the face of a guy who's sleeping
under a waterfall. Salish just won the
ice cream challenge, but if you think
she deserves even more wins, she's
actually nominated for female creator of
the year at the Kids Choice Awards.
You've watched her win challenge after
challenge. She's basically turned
beating me into a full-time job. It's so
obvious. Let's show the world how strong
team Salish really is. Link in the
description. And yes, you can vote more
than one. While you were making ice
cream, your sister Gigi was hiding
somewhere in this water park. Whichever
one of you finds her wins this round.
Are you ready? Go. Let's go. 1 2 3.
Okay, they're coming for me. I heard the
whistle go off. GG was probably hide
like in the cabana. I think Ging does
the stupidest hiding spots. You see her?
No. I don't want to point, but Gigi is
right behind me. I saw her run back
there. Both of them are over there. This
is not Bro, I need to stay here
overnight and wait. I'm going to steal a
piece of bubble real quick. It's been a
long day, guys.
Where are you at all? What's up, bud?
Oh, what the heck? We're going to keep
doing this until they find her. Let's
just get in the slide. They better start
looking for Gigi or I might get bored
and have to send in the security guard.
How is this finding Gigi? It's not. No,
water slide is so much harder to slide
down with hot water.
Where is she? I'm coming for you. I bet
you she's in or she's underwater. This
long.
They're on the other side of the park
right now. I can hear them screaming.
They're never going to find me again.
Ooh, stand. Let's go back to finding
her. I'm bumping away. If you were a
teenage girl by her side, where would
you hide? She was jumping somewhere over
there. Salish. Nadal, come here. You
checked everywhere. Nadal, check
everybody. I'm going to narrow the
playing field. You have to check for
Gigi in the kitty pool area. Oh my god.
I know where she is. Oh my god. I just
gave it away to see who won. Come on.
Come on, Gigi. I hear Zo screaming right
now. They're super close to me.
Remember, you have to tag Gigi to win
this challenge. Doesn't look like Sailor
heard me. Where would you be?
Sailish is so close to me. I'm going to
find her.
Oh my god. I think Sailor is about to
win this whole thing.
[Music]
Either one of them could win right now.
And they're both looking in the bin. I'm
going to just stay as still as possible.
All right, let's check if there's one
right here. I'm sitting up right now and
I think S's just right here. No, no, no,
no.
I got one. Wait,
I found her. I tagged your I tagged her.
I tagged her. No, I found her. Did you
not hear what Jordan said? Remember, you
have to tag Gigi to win this challenge.
Did you tag her? No.
Nad wins this challenge. That was Neo
got the he was a nice person and decided
he wanted the waterfall so I could have
the He's allowed to do that. But guess
what? I'm not a nice person. Remember,
the security guard can come at any time.
If I go like this, the security guard
comes. Next challenge.
Even though Salish and Nadal are all
alone, locked inside the water park, the
rest of Great Wolf Lodge is filled with
people who want to join them. I just
might let them all in as part of an epic
final hideandsek if the score is tied at
the very end. Here we go. Ready? Nope.
Just standing here for fun. Nell, has
she gotten sassier? Yeah, right. Next.
Don't talk. These aren't uncomfortable.
They're not loving the goggles. Okay.
Okay. Next challenge. Wave pool. We've
thrown 24 rings into the pool and they
have 5 minutes. Whoever collects more
wins and in the last minute, waves are
going to start going and it's going to
be a lot harder. 1 2 3 go. Say hurry.
Go. Hurry. Say
the last time Salish and Nadal were in a
wave pool, this happened.
Everybody knows. They still haven't
forgiven me for that prank.
We have lifeguards on each side to make
sure they're safe.
1 2 3 4 5 Looks like Nadal has the early
lead, but I have no idea what's going
on. Salish has a bunch. Nadal has what I
think is more, but I can't tell.
This thing is a very close competition.
And don't forget, I can blow this at any
time and the security guard will come
and bust them. Sandy, should I do it
right now?
You hear that? The waves are
starting now. They got to deal with the
waves. This is getting
harder. Hurry up. 20 seconds. Oh no. Got
way more
time. Sish, you count first. Okay. 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
1 2 3 4 5 Yeah.
Yes. Oh, Sage wins another round.
Remember the last time Sish tried that
crazy freef fall line? I think you can
do it on your own. I need you all up
here to support me. I'm here and I need
you all. We're going to do that again
tonight. Will Salish be able to do it
alone or will she need Nadal to give her
the courage? Pretty soon I am going to
blow this whistle for the security
guard. And when I do, if he finds them
hiding, they are eliminated from this
challenge and they automatically have to
leave the water park. They don't get to
stay the night. They don't get to do all
the rides. They are done. Next
challenge, lily pad race. Salish has
red, Nadal has blue. You have 60 seconds
to cross the lily pad and dump your
colored ball into the bucket. Whoever
gets more balls automatically wins this
challenge. One, two,
three. Hurry up, guys. Oh. Oh. Okay.
Hurry. Oh, no. He dropped his ball.
Dish, come back. You can go again. Oh.
Oh, no. Losing it. Hurry. 30 seconds. S.
Salish.
Hurry. Oh, no.
[Music]
No. She can do that. Hurry, S. Sish. You
got 20 seconds. Go. Hurry.
Hurry. You got 15 seconds. You better
just go. Go. Hurry. Say 10 9 8 seven Oh
no. Five.
3 2 1 It's all over. How many balls are
in the bucket?
Taylor told me I wasn't going to be able
to win another round. So
she wants to play tag just to feel like
she got some sort of win, but she still
hasn't tagged me yet. No, she's she's a
double loser.
[Applause]
Tag him.
All right, guys. I lost and I'm a little
hurt, but I'm even more hurt that I
can't catch him in tag. If you watched
that challenge, you already know that
Nadal easily won that round. Dude,
Salish, what happened? You got two
things. Look at that. The doll's only
down by one. Now that they're soaking
wet, Salish and Nadal want to prank Gigi
before the next challenge.
And a cold wet hug is the best way to do
it.
GG. No, not at all. Next round,
thumbnails. I'm going to do a thumbnail
of them. And whoever makes the better
thumbnail expression judged by me, wins
this round. And it's been about 6 days
since I've done this, so I'm a little
rusty. Literally, every week I go,
kind of true. Tired thumbnail face. One,
two, three.
Tired. This is Salish's thumbnail
expression. That's my tired one. There
we go. There we go. That's it. You're
tired. Sus, you open your eyes. Nadal,
you close them. I'm probably going to
give it to Nadal, but I'm going to give
them another chance. You guys are happy
now. All right. Ready? Look back over at
me, guys. Yeah. Big excitement. Nadal,
you smile. Sish, you're like, "Oh my
god." Go there. Yeah. Wa! They both
killed them. Get that photo. That's good
stuff. Is this bringing back memories
for anyone else? Because for me, this is
just like it used to be. Water park
challenge and photo shoot. That's
basically all we did when they were
younger. And one more time. Look excited
now. You guys are happy. Yeah. Hold on.
Yeah. Now both of you get your heads in
there. Nadal, you go. Shush. You look
more scared. Say good. Now you're both
happy. Arms
out. Good. Good. That's it. The winner
of this thumbnail round is You're the
only boy I don't want holding my hand.
So, every boy in the world can hold your
hand but me. real fast. Show all the
photos. Obviously, the thumbnail
expression winner goes
to a tie. It's a tie. They both did
great. Thanks. Moving on. Next
challenge, beach ball race. You guys
have to do a full circle around the
water park. Whoever gets back here first
wins this challenge. 1 2 3 go. Wait, how
do I know which way? Go that way. Go
that way. Wait. Around around the whole
thing. Yeah, I guess so.
[Music]
See, he's way ahead of you. Oh my gosh,
Cohen. I'm aware. As soon as they finish
this race, I'm going to blow the whistle
and they will realize they have 1 minute
to hide.
No, now you got to go that way. You got
to go that way. Sailors, catch up.
Hurry. Say you're going to lose. Hurry
up. Okay. No, I can't push any faster.
You got to win.
Colin, help her. I can't do it. Nadal
won. Sish lost the drive. He's giving up
right now. So, I'm just going to call
this for Nadal and
go. Security guard in 1 minute. Security
guard in 1 minute. We've tied. We've
died. We've died. The security guard is
coming in 1 minute. You have to hide
together. If you get caught, you are
kicked out of the water park. And you
don't get to stay here overnight. You
have one minute. Better find a good
place to hide. Salish and Nadal are all
tied up with one round to go unless they
get caught by the security guard right
now and have to leave the water park. We
can hide under the water. No. No, it's
freezing. No. Yeah, it's freezing. And a
slide. No. Yeah.
Okay. Your nose is No. Yeah. Is this
open?
What about in the towels? In those ones.
Those ones are the clean ones in here. I
got an idea.
No way. This could work. Oh, wait. Guys,
hurry up. You don't have much more time.
Thank you, Orie. Are you guys crazy? Are
you going to go behind that? All he has
to do is pull it out. Okay, he's my boy.
Look at this, guys. He's going to be
here in 15 seconds. You better hurry up.
He is a security guard. He should be
able to find them. This isn't that great
a hiding spot. What do you guys think?
Wait, that's enough. Say there's 10
seconds. I'm going to get him right now.
You better hurry. Thank you. Now I'm
about to unleash the world's meanest
security guard. Salish and Nadal better
hope he doesn't find them and kick them
out of the water park. Matt, are you
ready? Ready. I'm going to find them.
I'm exhausted. If you can find them
right now, I get to get out of here. All
right. Ready? Let's do it. Let's do it.
Okay, guys. I think we're doing pretty
well. Yeah. I don't think he's ever
going to find us. Me either. I got to
give him like 15 more seconds. No, no,
no. Let's go. Come
on. Get me out. Let me out of here. All
right. Never mind. He's going, I guess.
He's intense. Where are you? He's got 5
minutes to find Salish and Nadal. If
they get caught, he's going to throw
them out of the park. Yeah, I know
you're in there, huh?
We got the right guy.
Oh my god.
Are you kidding me? He just leapt right
over the telein.
Come out wherever you are. You got 4
minutes, Mac. Come on, guys. He was
right there. What? Did you hear that?
Yeah, we saw him. Oh my god. We could
hear him, bro. I don't think they're
going to find us. I don't even know.
There's like a really hiding.
Come on. I know you were in
there. Is it intense? I wouldn't want
him looking for me. I know you're in
here. I hope he's not nearby, but I
don't think he is.
If this doesn't end right now, they have
one more final challenge for the
tiebreaker to see who is sleeping in the
cabana and who's under the waterfall.
I'm going to find you. I swear. 2
minutes, man.
Okay, guys. He's really far away
apparently. So, I think we're going to
win. Where are you guys?
One minute, Matt. Oh, I think he's
close.
I don't know what you think.
Get up. He's never going to jump. Yeah.
I mean, who would check behind the
towers?
30 seconds. Matt, where are you guys?
This is really scary. Come on.
seconds. 5 4 3 2 1 Oh my
god. We won. I knew it.
We were right. No way. Good job, Noodle.
High five. You're an intense security
guard, but couldn't find the kids. I was
not expecting him to not find us. That
was crazy. Time for your final
challenge. The final challenge to see
who gets the cabana and who gets the
waterfall is the freef fall. If you guys
have done this right before, it is
terrifying. So, the challenge is
whichever one of them makes less of an
expression wins. So, if somebody goes uh
they lose. How you guys doing? You want
to go together? Don't push the wrong
button. Oh, no. Are they allowed to go
at the same time? No, of course not. I'm
excited. I want to do this. Oh, guys,
it's going to be fun, but I don't like
the drop part. I don't like not knowing
when I'm going to drop. Which one of you
wants to go first? Now, remember, the
last time you did this, you needed Nadal
with you. I need a doll up here to
support me. I'm here and I need a doll.
So, if you go first, he'll be here. But
if you let the doll go first, you got to
be all alone.
All with me. Can I go first? No. All
right. Rock, paper, scissors. We're
going to play a game of rock, paper,
scissors. Whoever wins gets to go first.
I hate you so much. Wait, whoever wins
gets to go first. Hey, you get to go
first. Oh, wait. I ordered that wrong.
Hold on. Hold
on. Does that mean I have to go first?
Yep. It's only a scary job for three
seconds of my 80 years. All right, let's
go. Sing too much of a chicken, so I'm
just going to go first. I need to
motivate her. I need to give her
courage. And I'm going to show her that
it's light work. Go first. You don't
want to go. The biggest challenge is
they have no idea when the drop will be
triggered. It is super hard not to react
when the floor suddenly drops out from
beneath you. Come on, Neo. You got this.
Uh-oh.
Explosing. Uh-oh. Let's go. Nadal has no
idea when it's going to actually
release. All right. Come on. You got it.
Let's go. Are you scared? Oh, he's
scared. Lucky. It might be right now.
The rain is crazy.
It might be in 3 2 1. You never know.
Let's watch this. Oh, I know it's
coming.
I knew it.
Really? That was a piece of cake. I made
the straightest face I've ever made in
my life. I was like, we're going to have
to replay that and see what kind of
expression he made. I definitely think I
won this challenge and I'm definitely
sleeping in the cabana. I am not letting
Sailor take it over. All right, Sish,
your turn,
guys. I'm actually so scared. Oh my
gosh. Okay, sis, you don't have to do
this. You can just give the cabana to N.
Are you sure? Yes. All right, let's do
it.
She's going to be stressing out. This is
too long.
Okay. How's your reaction?
I did it.
Did I make an expression reaction? That
was so scary. You got a reaction? I
don't know. Oh my god. That was the
scariest thing I've ever done. Let's go
find out one. Earlier in the evening,
Nadal, Gigi, and Sish played Who Knows
Me Better. Cut the cameras. Cut the
cameras. Then Nadal gave Salish a really
sweet gift. See that on the doll's
channel when this competition is over.
Okay, guys. I for sure lost because I
mean, you were talking in the middle.
You're like, I know she's going to do it
right now. You win. I was just
screaming. I don't know if I made a
reaction. I tried not to, but I think I
forgot. No, you screamed the whole time.
Yeah. I thought it was only at the top
that we didn't make a reaction. Yeah.
No. Oh my gosh, bro. I was like, I did
it, guys. I did
it. Oh my gosh. It's okay. Needle will
give me the cabana like a gentleman.
I see prime. I see gummies. I see root
beer. I'll bring you over somewhere.
You're getting dumped into the water. Is
that a promise? Yes. All right, take the
cabana. Psych. What? Now we see who made
a bigger expression because that person
loses and they are sleeping under the
waterfall. Look at your face.
I'm scared. Oh,
that's definitely a reaction.
Straight face. He's smiling. That's a
reaction.
Oh, that's a straight face.
Dang it. Dang. He got you. He got you.
We reviewed the footage. Since the rules
were no expression, we have to give this
entire challenge and this cabana to
Nidal Wonder. Yes. I am a reaction. He
was smiling. You were like more
expressive. That's tough. Here's your
blanket. Enjoy this sish. You got to
sleep under the waterfall.
No. Next time. I hate you. That's so
unfortunate.
My name's Kane. oversee park operations
and I got each of you a luxury suite.
Really? Yeah. Let's go. Come on, y'all.
Let's go. Thank you so much. Did they
get rooms? They got a room each. That's
so cool. Thank you. What about me? Did
you give me one? We're sold out. Sorry,
but um the cabana is all yours.
[Music]
Guys, can you turn the lights on? Help,
guys. I can't see
anything, guys.